May God bless and
keep you always
May your wishes all come true
May you always do for others
And let others do for you
May you build a ladder
to the stars
And climb on every rung
May you stay
Forever young
May you grow up to be righteous
May you grow up to be true
May you always know the truth
And see the lights
surrounding you
May you always be courageous
Stand upright and be strong
And may you stay
Forever young
May you stay
May your hands always be busy
May your feet always be swift
May you have a strong foundation
When the winds of changes shift
May your heart always be joyful
May your song always be sung
And may you stay
Forever young
May you stay